excuse me so you there would you like to
game 10 game we shall hey guys Mordecai
Mike again something I wanted to share
and talk about in this video was the
importance of percent damage over sheet
DPS a lot of people think that a sheet
dps is most important probably right now
and that's not initially the truth
especially with the changes coming a lot
of percent damage is going to make a big
difference in the game I'm going to be
showing you a perfect example of that as
you can see it says my damage is 280,000
933 well previously equipping these new
items that I found I had 320 k dps
unbuffed and which seems like a lot of
damage which it was as a decent mount of
damage but I'm going to show you how a
few percent damage items actually
changed my damage substantially for
fighting League packs and bosses and
things like that so on this helmet right
here we have the thirteen percent spare
Biraj damage which is really nice
actually got the six credit on it as
well I found that so that was really
good find on the off hand here i have
the twelve percent spare broj damage so
we're looking at twenty-five percent
damage bonus just from spirit brush
right there and then one of the major
changes was this ring right here the
stone of Jordan now obviously I know its
owner Jordan is really strong especially
the new ones but this one here gives me
seventeen percent more too cold skill
damage now lucky for me cold skill
actually works for the spirit brush
because it is a cold spell so that's
technically seventeen percent more
damage to my spare brush but on top of
that I'm doing another twenty seven
percent more damage to eat leets that is
crazy as there's a crazy crazy amount of
damage so let's say this ring here I
lost battery place I lost some crit
chance I lost some attacks reading some
crit damage and the sheet DPS went down
but my actual damage went way up in a
group fully buffed and everything I've
been critten elites and bosses with my
spare brush for up to a million and if
you guys know how it works it basically
shoots multiple spirit bolts and each
one crates for anywhere from like six
six hundred thousand to like a million
damage it and like just constantly over
and over and that's that is HUGE that is
huge amount of damage especially if six
beams are hitting and less sacred to
crit from male and one crits for like
six to eight hundred thousand damage I
mean that's a lot of damage over time
and in a matter of time it eats them up
real quick
anyway I'm going to run your gum i'm
going to show you guys what kind of
damage i can do with that and show you
how important percent damage is
currently in diablo on my way to my
actually found an elite pack here which
i figured i would but i was going to
show you guys some damage throughout the
video as well to some of the elite
groups i fine
and as you can see I'm just pretty much
read into him anyway I'm gonna continue
on and when I get Sam I'll show you guys
that as well ok guys so here we are and
I made it's a common i'm going to show
you guys what kind of damage you can be
you can do with this set up to us
talking about this is where percent
damage really shines again she gps
doesn't necessarily mean you're going to
do more damage obviously with a new
percent damage items up so here we go
let's check it out this is with just my
buffs currently big bed guru and I
finish our mean everything and as you
can see I shreddin through them very
quick there you have it guys and I
Paragon to how cool is that this isn't a
build I primarily wanted to have it's
not that I necessarily wanted to focus
on cold damage and spirit broj damage
but it's just a gear that I've happened
to find I eventually want to try a zoo
doctor build with the zuni's for set and
hopefully i can i'll be able to post
about it and talk about it and show you
guys how to do that build as well but as
right now this is what I'm running so
hope you guys enjoyed something else to
note mad as I am starting a clan on
Diablo it's called adapter died and a
few guys are interested in you want to
play with me or join the clan let me
know there are no super specific
requirements just don't be enable pretty
much but anyways guys as always thanks
for watching if you liked comment
subscribe and I definitely will see you
next time